Part II       Listening Comprehension       (25 minutes)  
Section A  
Directions: In this section, you will hear three news reports. At the end of each news report, you will hear two or three 
questions. Both the news report and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the 
best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a 
single line through the centre.  
Questions 1 and 2 are based on the news report you have just heard.  
1. A) By slapping some butter on it.     C) By growing it in South Dakota.  
B) By enhancing its nourishment.     D) By cooking it in vegetable oil.  
2. A) To introduce their corn to tourists.    C) To share experience with other corn growers.  
B) To attend an honorary ceremony.     D) To exhibit their corn at the state’s Corn Palace. 
Questions 3 and 4 are based on the news report you have just heard.  
3. A) Stole mail several times.      C) Attacked postmen on multiple occasions.  
B) Forged postal keys illegally.     D) Broke a number of postal collection boxes.  
4. A) A sentence for life.       C) Twenty-three years’ hard labor.  
B) Loss of all their possessions.     D) Up to fifteen years in prison. 
Questions 5 to 7 are based on the news report you have just heard.  
5. A) It escapes regulation and misleads consumers.  
B) It ignores economically feasible recycling options.  
C) It creates waste and severely impacts the environment.  
D) It produces clothes affordable only to a tiny minority.  
6. A) To cut consumers’ expenses in buying quality clothes.  
B) To enable the whole fast-fashion industry to be sustainable.  
C) To incentivize manufacturers to be more consumer-friendly.  
D) To urge manufacturers and consumers to reduce waste.  
7. A) Recognizing the impact on consumers.   C) Abandoning the current business model.  
B) Identifying the source of the problem.    D) Establishing powerful regulatory bodies.  
Section B  
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear four questions. 
Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer 
from the four choices marked A), B), C ) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line 
through the centre.  
Questions 8 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.  
8. A) The city’s rush-hour traffic is intolerable.    C) The local government is inefficient.  
B) She cannot avoid rush-hour traffic.     D) The city is too big to move around easily. 
9. A) Upgrading subway carriages.      C) Air conditioning the city’s subway. 
B) Increasing the number of bus routes.     D) Learning from other big cities. 
10. A) He suffers from rush-hour crowding too.    C) He takes a half-hour bus ride to work. 
B) He is fortunate to live very near to work.    D) He is going to move closer to his office. 
 
11. A) Recommend to her a good house near his office.  
B) Send her his housing agent’s telephone number.  
C) Tell her exactly what kind of property to look for.  
D) Make sure the agent finds something good for her.  
 
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.  
12. A) He was remembered for the scar on his cheek.     C) He used to wear a sad face in school. 
B) He received a heart operation a few days ago.     D) He had some plastic surgery done. 
13. A) The man’s deep sympathy for Johnny.      C) The man’s covering up of what happened. 
B) The man’s use of the expression ‘fixed’.      D) The man’s good memory of his childhood. 
14. A) It gave him a noticeable smartness.       C) It seemed to give him a certain uniqueness.  
B) It made him appear even more manly.      D) It seemed to make up for his physical defects.  
15. A) Liberal.      C) Indifferent.  
B) Hostile.      D) Critical.  
 
Section C  
Directions: In this section, you will hear three passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four questions. 
Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from 
the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through 
the centre.  
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the passage you have just heard.  
16. A) Through deliberation.        C) Through invention. 
B) Through evolution.        D) Through collaboration. 
17. A) With people imitating sounds around them.   C) With people showing each other things nearby. 
B) With people interacting with animals close by.   D) With people trying to string sounds together.  
18. A) Making sounds can free one’s hands for doing other things.  
B) Making sounds proves markedly easier than sign languages. 
C) Making sounds enables one to express their ideas more explicitly.  
D) Making sounds helps one communicate with people they can’t see. 
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the passage you have just heard.  
19. A) Well disciplined.         C) Somewhat selfish.  
B) Quite confident.         D) Highly intelligent.  
20. A) When they wanted to have a competitive team member.  
B) When they were looking for a cooperative workmate.  
C) When they found collaboration essential to them. 
D) When they were seeking someone to help them. 
21. A) Avoid frightening competitors.      C) Adopt persuasive strategies.  
B) Make clear their social goal.       D) Consider the consequences.  
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.  
22. A) Much evidence of humans capturing animals.     C) Fewer images of buildings than animals.  
B) More images of animals than humans.      D) Little proof of human fascination with animals.  
23. A) They were open to the public.        C) They were kept by royalty.  
B) They were primarily native.        D) They were hardly injured.  
24. A) To enable the public to watch animals close by.    C) To protect the endangered animals.  
B) To introduce to Egyptians animals from Punt.     D) To show off her riches and power.  
25. A) It was part of the royal estate.        C) It was the kingdom’s best-equipped zoo.  
B) It was a shelter for wild animals.       D) It was the first public exhibit of animals.