Part II Listening Comprehension (25 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear three news reports. At the end of each news report, you
will hear two or three questions. Both the news report and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C)
and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 and 2 are based on the news report you have just heard.
1. A) Many facilities were destroyed by a wandering cow.
    B) A wandering cow knocked down one of its fences.
    C) Some tourists were injured by a wandering cow.
    D) A wandering cow was captured by the police.
2. A) It was shot to death by a police officer.
    B) It found its way back to the park’s zoo.
    C) It became a great attraction for tourists.
    D) It was sent to the animal control department.
Questions 3 and 4 are based on the news report you have just heard.
3. A) It is the largest of its kind.
    B) It is going to be expanded.
    C) It is displaying more fossil specimens.
    D) It is staring an online exhibition.
4. A) A collection of bird fossils from Australia.
    B) Photographs of certain rare fossil exhibits.
    C) Some ancient wall paintings from Australia.
    D) Pictures by winners of a wildlife photo contest.
Questions 5 to 7 are based on the news report you have just heard.
5. A) Pick up trash. 
    B) Amuse visitors. 
    C) Deliver messages.
    D) Play with children.
6. A) They are especially intelligent.
    B) They are children’s favorite.
    C) They are quite easy to tame.
    D) They are clean and pretty.
7. A) Children may be harmed by the rooks.
    B) Children may be tempted to drop litter.
    C) Children may contract bird diseases.
    D) Children may overfeed the rooks.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation,
you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C)
and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 8 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
8. A) It will be produced at Harvard University.
    B) It will be hosted by famous professors.
    C) It will cover different areas of science.
    D) It will focus on recent scientific discoveries.
9. A) It will be more futuristic.  C) It will be more entertaining.
    B) It will be more systematic. D) It will be easier to understand.
10. A) People interested in science. C) Children in their early teens.
      B) Youngsters eager to explore. D) Students majoring in science.
11. A) Offer professional advice. C) Help promote it on the Internet.
      B) Provide financial support. D) Make episodes for its first season.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
12. A) Unsure. C) Concerned.
      B) Helpless. D) Dissatisfied.
13. A) He is too concerned with being perfect.
      B) He loses heart when faced with setbacks.
      C) He is too ambitious in achieving goals.
      D) He takes on projects beyond his ability.
14. A) Embarrassed. C) Miserable.
      B) Unconcerned. D) Resentful.
15. A) Try to be optimistic whatever happens.
      B) Compare his present with his past only.
      C) Always learn from others’ achievements.
      D) Treat others the way he would be treated.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear
three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear
a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then
mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the passage you have just heard.
16. A) They have a stronger sense of social responsibility.
      B) They are more likely to succeed in the humanities.
      C) They are more likely to become engineers.
      D) They have greater potential to be leaders.
17. A) Praise girls who like to speak up frequently.
      B) Encourage girls to solve problems on their own.
      C) Insist that boys and girls work together more.
      D) Respond more positively to boys’ comments.
18. A) Offer personalized teaching materials. C) Place great emphasis on test scores.
      B) Provide a variety of optional courses. D) Pay extra attention to top students.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the passage you have just heard.
19. A) It often rains cats and dogs.
      B) It seldom rains in summer time.
      C) It does not rain as much as people think.
      D) It is one of the most rainy cities in the US.
20. A) They drive most of the time. C) They have got used to the rain.
      B) The rain is usually very light. D) The rain comes mostly at night.
21. A) It has a lot of places for entertainment.
      B) It has never seen thunder and lighting.
      C) It has fewer cloudy days than any other coastal city.
      D) It has mild weather both in summer and in winter.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.
22. A) It occurs when people are doing a repetitive activity.
      B) It results from exerting one’s muscles continuously.
      C) It happens when people engage in an uncommon activity.
      D) It comes from staining one’s muscles in an unusual way.
23. A) Blood flow and body heat increase in the affected area.
      B) Body movements in the affected area become difficult.
      C) They begin to make repairs immediately.
      D) They gradually become fragmented.
24. A) About one week. C) About ten days.
      B) About two days. D) About four weeks.
25. A) Apply muscle creams. C) Have a hot shower.
      B) Drink plenty of water. D) Take pain-killers.