Part II Listening Comprehension (25 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear three news reports. At the end of each news report, you
will hear two or three questions. Both the news report and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C)
and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 and 2 are based on the news report you have just heard.
1. A) The number of nurses has dropped to a record low. 
    B) There is a growing shortage of medical personnel.
    C) There is discrimination against male nurses.
    D) The number of male nurses has gone down..
2. A) Cultural bias. C) Educational system.
    B) Inadequate pay. D) Working conditions.
Questions 3 and 4 are based on the news report you have just heard.
3. A) He fell out of a lifeboat. C) He was almost drowned.
    B) He lost his way on a beach. D) He enjoyed swimming in the sea.
4. A) The beach is a popular tourist resort. C) The beach is a good place to watch the tide.
    B) The emergency services are efficient. D) The lifeboats patrol the area round the clock.
Questions 5 to 7 are based on the news report you have just heard.
5. A) It became an online star. C) It escaped from a local zoo.
    B) It broke into an office room. D) It climbed 25 storeys at one go.
6. A) Send it back to the zoo. C) Return it to its owner.
    B) Release it into the wild.  D) Give it a physical checkup.
7. A) A raccoon can perform acts no human can.
    B) A raccoon can climb much higher than a cat.
    C) The raccoon became as famous as some politicians.
    D) The raccoon did something no politician could.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation,
you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C)
and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 8 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
8. A) She got a well-paying job in a bank. C) She received her first monthly salary.
    B) She received a bonus unexpectedly. D) She got a pay raise for her performance.
9. A) Several years ago. C) Right after graduation.
    B) Two decades ago. D) Just last month.
10. A) He sent a small check to his parents. C) He immediately deposited it in a bank.
      B) He took a few of his friends to a gym. D) He treated his parents to a nice meal.
11. A) Buy some professional clothes.
      B) Budget her salary carefully.
      C) Join her colleagues for gym exercise.
      D) Visit her former university campus.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
12. A) He has a difficult decision to make. 
      B) He has been overworked recently.
      C) He has just quarreled with his girlfriend.
      D) He has just too many things to attend to.
13. A) Give priority to things more urgent.
      B) Turn to his girlfriend for assistance.
      C) Think twice before making the decision.
      D) Seek advice from his family and advisor.
14. A) His parents and advisor have different opinions.
      B) He is not particularly keen on the job offered.
      C) He lacks the money for his doctoral program.
      D) His girlfriend does not support his decision.
15. A) They need time to make preparations.
      B) They need to save enough money for it.
      C) They haven’t started their careers yet.
      D) They haven’t won their parents’ approval.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear
three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear
a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then
mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the passage you have just heard.
16. A) Acquiring information and professional knowledge. 
      B) Using information to understand and solve problems.
      C) Enriching social and intellectual lives.
      D) Expressing ideas and opinions freely.
17. A) Improving mind-reading strategies. C) Playing games that challenge one’s mind.
      B) Reading classic scientific literature. D) Traveling to different places in the world.
18. A) Give others freedom to express themselves.
      B) Expose themselves to different cultures.
      C) Discard personal biases and prejudices.
      D) Participate in debates or discussions.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the passage you have just heard.
19. A) The nature of relationships between dogs.
      B) The reason a great many people love dogs.
      C) Why dogs can be faithful friends of humans.
      D) How dogs feel about their bonds with humans.
20. A) They have an unusual sense of responsibility.
      B) They can respond to humans’ questions.
      C) They can fall in love just like humans.
      D) They behave like other animals in many ways.
21. A) They have their own joys and sorrows.
      B) They experience true romantic love.
      C) They help humans in various ways.
      D) They stay with one partner for life.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.
22. A) A cow bone. C) A historical site.
      B) A rare animal. D) A precious stone.
23. A) Measuring it. C) Dating it.
      B) Preserving it. D) Identifying it.
24. A) The site should have been protected.
      B) The boy’s family had acted correctly.
      C) The boy should have called an expert.
      D) The channel needs to interview the boy.
25. A) Search for similar fossils elsewhere. 
      B) Ask the university to reward Jude.
      C) Conduct a more detailed search.
      D) Seek additional funds for the search.