Part II       Listening Comprehension       (25 minutes)  
Section A  
Directions: In this section, you will hear three news reports. At the end of each news report, you will hear two or three 
questions. Both the news report and the questions will be  spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the 
best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a 
single line through the centre.  
Questions 1 and 2 are based on the news report you have just heard.  
1. A) They are young teenagers from Atlanta.     C) They completed the race in less than 40 minutes.  
B) They won this year’s 7 Mile Bridge Run.     D) They are both students at Marathon High School.  
2. A) It drew competitors from more than 40 countries.  
B) It is watched live online by fans all over the world.  
C) It closed the city of Big Pine Key to traffic for three hours.  
D) It is one of the most popular running events in the southeastern U.S.  
Questions 3 and 4 are based on the news report you have just heard.  
3. A) He was once a full-time ambassador.       C) He became an astronaut in 2015.  
B) He was soon to retire from the army.       D) He used to be a helicopter pilot.  
4. A) It has been unbelievably exciting and rewarding.  
B) It has been extraordinarily tough and demanding.  
C) It has contributed a great deal to human flights to space.  
D) It has given him exceptional privilege as an ambassador. 
Questions 5 to 7 are based on the news report you have just heard.  
5. A) They are known for their loyalty to their owners.    C) They are regular visitors to the store.  
B) They are brought in by the store’s customers.     D) They are pets kept by the store staff.  
6. A) It might be a nuisance to the loyal shoppers.     C) It might be 12 months old.  
B) It might have been abandoned by its owner.     D) It might have got lost.  
7. A) Feed the cats.        C) Sit in the shop aisles.  
B) Remove any store signs.      D) Bring in pets with them.  
 
Section B  
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear four questions. 
Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer 
from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line 
through the centre.  
Questions 8 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.  
8. A) Sharing her room with friends.     C) Living off campus.  
B) Cutting down her living expenses.    D) Moving to the city center.  
9. A) The facilities available.      C) Changes in living conditions.  
B) Various costs involved.      D) The distance to her home.  
10. A) Went through much trouble.      C) Studied on the bus.  
B) Commuted to save money.       D) Lived on campus.  
11. A) Discuss the matter with the woman’s mother.     C) Try his best to persuade his wife.  
B) Make a decision within a few days.       D) Weigh the benefits against the disadvantages.  
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.  
12. A) Interviewing the man.       C) Choosing a present for her nephew.  
B) Looking for Lawrence.       D) Helping the man with his shopping.  
13. A) Quite educational.        C) Driven by batteries.  
B) Incredibly popular        D) Obviously childish.  
14. A) One he loves for helping exercise his mind.   C) One he finds interesting and challenging.  
B) One he can play together with his sister    D) One he can play either alone or in a group.  
15. A) It has been enjoyed by kids for decades.    C) It has been played both indoors and outdoors.  
B) It always reminds people of times of war    D) It distinguishes itself as one of the oldest games.  
 
Section C  
Directions: In this section, you will hear three passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four questions. 
Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from 
the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through 
the centre.  
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the passage you have just heard.  
16. A) A display of a variety of products increases consumers’ interest.  
B) Too many choices decrease one’s desire to buy.  
C) Fewer choices lead to lower customer satisfaction.  
D) Customers given more choices are more likely to get confused.  
17. A) What kind of display results in more sales.  
B) What kind of display creates more interest. 
C) What kind of display attracts a greater crowd of customers.  
D) What kind of display leads to greater customer satisfaction.  
18. A) There are situations where customers buy nothing.  
B) There are tricks to increase customer satisfaction.  
C) There are ways to predict customer preferences:  
D) There are rules that motivate customers to buy 
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the passage you have just heard.  
19. A) Stressful.          C) Worthwhile.  
B) Burdensome.         D) Energy-boosting.  
20. A) By linking it with employees’ salary.     C) By improving work schedules.  
B) By taking it as the New Year resolution.    D) By making it part of the job.  
21. A) It was very important to their well-being.    C) It was an outlet for their personal fulfillment.  
B) It had taken little of their spare time.     D) It helped improve their working environment.  
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.  
22. A) It amounts to 2,000 tons daily.      C) It is estimated at 11% of the UK’s total food supply. 
B) It mostly comes from supermarkets.     D) It has a lot to do with independent luxury food suppliers. 
23. A) It rents bicycles to deliver food.      C) It delivers luxury hand-made food.  
B) It sells sought-after coffee beans.     D) It recycles waste food from the city.  
24. A) It pays special attention to the size and shape of its products.  
B) It tries to escape the constraints of the current food system.  
C) It cooperates closely with local producers.  
D) It aims to provide high-quality products.  
25. A) To ensure a regular supply.      C) To make up for the waste products.  
B) To maintain a unique menu.      D) To meet customers’ urgent demand.