Part II       Listening Comprehension       (25 minutes)  
Section A  
Directions: In this section, you will hear three news reports. At the end of each news report, you will hear two or three 
questions. Both the news report and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the 
best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a 
single line through the centre.  
Questions 1 and 2 are based on the news report you have just heard.  
1. A) She is making a special effort to be recognized.  
B) She has been living in Fayetteville for 25 years.  
C) She has been driving a school bus ever since 2009.  
D) She is the longest-serving bus driver in Fayetteville.  
2. A) The importance of their service to the city.     C) The new proclamation issued early this week.  
B) The number of riders they serve in the city.     D) The significance of the event to take place March 18.  
Questions 3 and 4 are based on the news report you have just heard.  
3. A) Budgeted $56.7 million for the coming school year.   C) Proposed a spending increase by 5.99 percent.  
B) Requested to raise teachers’ salaries by 3 percent.   D) Kept raising funds for at least 8 budget cycles.  
4. A) Decrease in salaries for school administrators.    C) Firing of less qualified faculty members.  
B) Reduction in federal and state funding.     D) Closing down of some less competitive schools.  
Questions 5 to 7 are based on the news report you have just heard.  
5. A) They often take place in the Scottish Highlands.    C) Their damage can be as serious as that of bombs.  
B) They usually happen in the middle of the night.    D) Their loud claps can be confused with explosions.  
6. A) They sent out a message to calm them down.    C) They told them the military exercise was over.  
B) They promised to stop the construction work.    D) They set off to inspect the site of the plane crash.  
7. A) Keep warm.           C) Avoid driving.  
B) Take caution.          D) Use rail service.  
Section B  
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear four questions. 
Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer 
from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line 
through the centre.  
Questions 8 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.  
8. A) Why the man is so anxious to buy a new phone.    C) How the man got into the habit of being wasteful.  
B) How the man could possibly afford a new phone.   D) Why the man is so fond of using his credit card. 
9. A) It is not in fashion any more.       C) It is not as fancy as his colleagues’. 
B) It goes out of order frequently.       D) It lacks functions office work requires.  
10. A) It enables him to buy a new phone at a more favorable price.  
B) It is a special offer to recent college graduates working in offices.  
C) It is available to office workers who have a good enough credit score.  
D) It allows him to borrow money without paying interest for six months.  
 
11. A) She borrowed money to pay her debt.  
B) She developed a habit of overspending.  
C) She enjoys buying a lot of fancy things.  
D) She regrets ignoring the woman’s advice.  
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.  
12. A) Blog writing and natural resources saving.  
B) Joint efforts to improve the local community.  
C) Audience participation in The Morning Show.  
D) Home ownership and environmental protection.  
13. A) Not a realistic size for families.     C) Only fit for families of four or less.  
B) Not welcomed by most Americans.    D) Only suitable for renting to the poor.  
14. A) It should be changed.       C) It will come true sooner or later.  
B) It isn’t easy to realize.      D) It doesn’t appeal to average families.  
15. A) They help to lower housing prices.    C) They are a good choice for many people.  
B) They help to save up for larger houses.   D) They are vital to reducing waste worldwide.  
Section C  
Directions: In this section, you will hear three passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four questions. 
Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from 
the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through 
the centre.  
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the passage you have just heard.  
16. A) Play outdoors and enjoy themselves.     C) Take care of their well-being.  
B) Beat challenges and take risks.      D) Grow up strong and healthy.  
17. A) Enable them to develop their motor skills.   C) Reduce their stress and depression.  
B) Help them to conceal their frustration.    D) Prevent them from feeling lonely.  
18. A) It begins early.         C) It calls for lifelong efforts.  
B) It proves demanding.        D) It lies in nature experiences.  
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the passage you have just heard.  
19. A) When companies share their information online.  C) When companies embrace greater diversity  
B) When their job search criteria are met fully.   D) When they find job postings visually attractive.  
20. A) Emails in the normal format.      C) All companies in the same sector  
B) Major companies in one location.     D) Various aspects of a company’s workforce.  
21. A) Job security         C) Minimum base salary.  
B) Potential pay raises.        D) Information about diversity.  
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.  
22. A) Positive.          C) Important.  
B) Original.          D) Surprising.  
23. A) Dogs match their behavior with kids as much as with adults.  
B) Kids and adults alike find in dogs a source of attachment.  
C) Kids’ attitude to dogs is influenced by adults.  
D) Dogs can help kids in many ways.  
24. A) Dogs pay much attention to the kids they live with.  
B) Dogs view both adults and kids as social companions.  
C) Kids differ from adults in their behavior towards dogs.  
D) Kids need to be aware of the risks in playing with dogs.  
25. A) Understanding dogs.        C) Taking care of dogs.  
B) Training dogs.         D) Associating with dogs.