Part II Listening Comprehension (25 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear three news reports. At the end of each news report, you
will hear two or three questions. Both the news report and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C)
and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 and 2 are based on the news report you have just heard.
1. A) Heavy floods. C) Bad economy.
    B) Safety concerns. D) Workers’ strikes.
2. A) It is competitive with its numerous tourist destinations.
    B) It provides many job opportunities for French people.
    C) It is the biggest concern of the French government.
    D) It plays an important role in the nation’s economy..
Questions 3 and 4 are based on the news report you have just heard.
3. A) To carry out a scientific survey. C) To rescue two sick American workers.
    B) To establish a new research station. D) To deliver urgent medical supplies.
4. A) The darkness and cold. C) The biting winds.
    B) The heavy snow and fog. D) The ice all around.
Questions 5 to 7 are based on the news report you have just heard.
5. A) By tying it to a door handle. C) With a remote control craft.
    B) By shaking it back and forth. D) With a full-sized helicopter.
6. A) He has lots of fans on Facebook. C) He often suffers from toothaches.
    B) He has rich experience in flying. D) He has learned to pull teeth from a video.
7. A) Spend more time together. C) Do something fun and creative.
    B) Tell them adventure stories. D) Play with them in a safe place.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation,
you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C)
and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 8 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
8. A) To confirm an urgent appointment. C) To ask the woman to sign a document.
    B) To collect a package from the woman. D) To arrange the delivery of a package.
9. A) She is doing shopping. C) She is not at home.
    B) She is visiting a friend. D) She is not feeling well.
10. A) He will be off duty the whole day. C) He will have to have his car repaired.
      B) He will be working somewhere else. D) He will be too busy to spare and time.
11. A) Sign her name. C) Pay a small fee.
      B) Confirm online. D) Show up in person.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
12. A) Vacation in Italy. C) Throw a farewell party.
      B) Study abroad. D) Go to a fashion show in Milan.
13. A) Quite sleepy. C) Rather depressed.
      B) Very excited. D) Nearly exhausted.
14. A) He has to attend a party. C) He has to make a presentation.
      B) He has to meet a friend. D) He has to finish an assignment.
15. A) Say goodbye to the woman at the airport. C) Drive the Woman to the airport.
      B)Meet the woman at the Black Cat Cafe. D) Have lunch with the woman.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear
three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear
a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then
mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the passage you have just heard.
16. A) It has kept growing over the centuries.
      B) Its top is hidden in clouds of volcanic smoke.
      C) Its height changes with each volcanic eruption.
      D) It has a recorded history of 1500 years.
17. A) They are now a tourist destination.
      B) They attract a lot of migrating birds.
      C) They provide shelter for the farmers.
      D) They make good fields for farming.
18. A) They nest on the volcano’s slopes.
      B) They feed on certain small mammals.
      C) They compete with each other for food.
      D) They match large mammals in strength.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the passage you have just heard.
19. A) He is self-employed. C) He studies talent.
      B) He is a career advisor. D) He owns a magazine.
20. A) Doing what they like best. C) Making no excuses for failures.
      B) Loving the work they do. D) Following their natural instinct.
21. A) It does not come to anything without hard work.
      B) It may prove to be quite different from hard work.
      C) It is a natural gift only some special people can possess.
      D) It does not come to you until something special happens.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.
22. A) It is a bit difficult to learn. C) It is a traditional type of ballet.
      B) It was popular in New Zealand. D) It evolved in the mid-1970s.
23. A) She wanted her to be a ballet dancer. C) She hated to see her idling about.
      B) She used to be a ballet dancer herself. D) She was too busy to look after her.
24. A) After she started teaching English. C) When she moved to New York city.
      B) Before she left for New Zealand. D) Once she began to live on her own.
25. A) It has renewed her passion for life. C) It has helped her make new friends.
      B) It has made her happy and energetic. D) It has enabled her to start a new career.