Part II       Listening Comprehension      (25 minutes)  
Section A  
Directions: In this section, you will hear three news reports. At the end of each news report, you will hear two or three 
questions. Both the news report and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the 
best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D).Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a 
single line through the centre.  
Questions 1 and 2 are based on the news report you have just heard.  
1. A)Due to a fire alarm in their apartments.  C)Due to the water used to extinguish the flames.  
B)Because of the smoke and heat damage  D)Because of the collapse of the three-story building.  
2. A)Investigating the cause of the incident.    C)Rescuing he businessmen trapped in the building.  
B)Helping search for the suspect of the crime.   D)Checking town records for the property developer.  
Questions 3 and 4 are based on the news report you have just heard.  
3. A)It plays a less important role in one's health than nutrient intake.  
B)It impacts people’s health to a lesser degree than sun exposure.  
C)It is associated with people’s mental health conditions.  
D)It is linked with older adult’s symptoms of depression.  
4. A)It was indefinite.    C)It was straightforward.  
B)It was systematic.    D)It was insignificant.  
Questions 5 to 7 are based on the news report you have just heard.  
5. A)It has helped solve several murder cases.    C)It has surpassed its mother in performance.  
B)It has become a star police dog in Beijing.    D)it has done better than naturally born dogs.  
6. A)To speed up investigation into criminal cases.   C)To cut down training expenses.  
B)To test the feasibility of cloning technology.   D)To reduce their training time.  
7. A)Cloning is too complicated a process.     C)Cloning is ethically controversial.  
B)The technology is yet to be accepted.     D)The technology is too expensive.  
Section B  
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear four questions. 
Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer 
from the four choices marked A),  B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line 
through the centre.  
Questions 8 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.  
8. A)He read it somewhere online.   C)He read an article reviewing it.  
B)He heard about it from a coworker.  D)He watched a TV series based on it.  
9. A)His publications.      C)His address.  
B)His first book.      D)His name.  
10. A)Collect a lot more data.    C)Clarify many new concepts.  
B)Relax a bit less often.     D)Read more reference books.  
11. A)Find out the show's most interesting episodes.   C)Get an e-Copy of the book to read.  
B)Watch the series together with the woman.    D)Check to see when the show starts.  
 
 
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.  
12. A)To check the prices of his farm produce.    C)To inquire about the vegetarian food festival.  
B)To ask the way to the Newcastle City Hall.   D)To seek the man's help with her work on the farm.  
13. A)Bakers.    C)Vegetarians.  
B)Vendors.    D)Organisers.  
14. A)The issuing of certificates to vendors.    C)The festival they are organising.  
B)The completion of the baking task.     D)The deadline for application.  
15. A)The closing date of submission.      C)The details of the ceremony.  
B)The website of his company.      D)The organiser’s address.  
Section C  
Directions: In this section, you will hear three passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four questions.  
Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from 
the four choices marked A), B), C) and D).Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through 
the centre.  
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the passage you have just heard.  
16. A)Most scenic sites have been closed.    C)Health experts advise going outdoors.  
B)Access to official campsites is limited.   D)People have more time during the summer.  
17. A)It is strongly opposed by nearby residents.   C)It has caused environmental concerns.  
B)It leads to much waste of public money.   D)It has created conflicts among campers.  
18. A)Look for open land in Scotland.     C)Avoid getting close to wilderness.  
B)Leave no trace of their camping.     D)Ask for permission from authorities.  
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the passage you have just heard.  
19. A)They outcompete mythical creatures.    C)They truly exist in the Amazon region.  
B)They usually mind their own business.   D)They resemble alarmingly large snakes.  
20. A)Scar tissue from dolphins' fighting.    C)Unhealed wounds from snake bites.  
B)Skin infection from water pollution.    D)Swimming along in seasonal floods.  
21. A)It has been shrinking at an astonishing pace.  
B)It has been placed under international protection.  
C)It has been appealing to both freshwater and sea dolphins.  
D)It has been abandoned as a battleground for male dolphins.  
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.  
22. A)About 58% of young adults call parental support the new normal.  
B)Most adult children enjoy increasing sources of financial support.  
C)A full 70% of the young adults cannot afford to buy a car by themselves.  
D)Most early adults cannot sustain their lifestyles without parental support.  
23. A)It renders them dependent.    C)It makes them mentally immature.  
B)It causes them to lose dignity.   D)It hinders them from getting ahead.  
24. A)It challenges one's willpower.   C)It calls for due assistance.  
B)It results from education.    D)It defines adulthood.  
25. A)Current lifestyles.     C)College loans.  
B)Poor budgeting.      D)Emergency expenses.