Part II       Listening Comprehension      (25 minutes)  
Section A  
Directions: In this section, you will hear three news reports. At the end of each news report, you will hear two or three 
questions. Both the news report and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the 
best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a 
single line through the centre.  
Questions 1 and 2 are based on the news report you have just heard.  
1. A) They will see a 27% higher price to buy natural gas.  
B) They will have insufficient heating oil to keep warm.  
C) They will have a costly bill to pay to heat their homes.  
D) They will experience the coldest winter in four decades.  
2. A) Provided additional funding to Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program.  
B) Assured U.S. citizens of an increase in energy supplies by the end of this year.  
C) Predicted a 10% jump in heating bills for most U.S. households this winter.  
D) Decided on this year’s energy assistance package of $8 billion in total.  
Questions 3 and 4 are based on the news report you have just heard.  
3. A) They care less about their diet now than before.  
B) They may lack adequate knowledge of healthy food.  
C) They may hold too optimistic a view about their diet.  
D) They pay insufficient attention to their choice of food.  
4. A) Those who finished 24-hour food questionnaires.    C) Those who cared about food quality.  
B) Those who fully understood the rating scale.     D) Those who rated their diet as poor.  
Questions 5 to 7 are based on the news report you have just heard.  
5. A) They experienced a heartbreaking moment.     C) They heard a noise from the bottom of a well.  
B) They gathered together to rescue an elephant.     D) They found an elephant wandering around a well.  
6. A) To borrow their crane.          C) To report the strange noise.  
B) To ask them for help.          D) To get food for the elephant.  
7. A) The elephant was able to return to the jungle.  
B) The army officers were examined for injuries.  
C) The army officers were rewarded for their rescue efforts.  
D) The elephant was given medical treatment for many days.  
Section B  
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear four questions. 
Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer 
from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line 
through the centre.  
Questions 8 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.  
8. A) He found it had caused him much inconvenience.  
B) It led him to spend more money than necessary.  
C) It was much less secure than paying with cash.  
D) He wanted to be less dependent on his phone.  
9. A) Living beyond her means.       C) Fashion addiction.  
B) Lack of budgeting strategies.      D) Impulse purchasing.  
10. A) Eat healthier food with less money.     C) Avoid getting addicted to junk food.  
B) Order food like burgers and chips.     D) Pay either in cash or with his phone.  
11. A) Making a shopping list.       C) Withdrawing cash only once a month.  
B) Sticking to his budget.       D) Thinking twice before buying something.  
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.  
12. A) He does not enjoy any ball games.     C) He has breathing problems.  
B) He has to prepare for the future.     D) He is not up to anything challenging.  
13. A) Soccer         C) V olleyball.  
B) Badminton.        D) Basketball.  
14. A) The possibilities of joining the school sports team.  
B) The opportunities of winning some championships.  
C) The chances of getting an athletic scholarship later on.  
D) The odds of becoming a professional sportsman someday.  
15. A) It differs entirely from indoor volleyball.    C) It is less popular than indoor sports in the country.  
B) It appeals to both schoolgirls and schoolboys.   D) It is completely different from other outdoor games.  
Section C  
Directions: In this section, you will hear three passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four questions. 
Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from 
the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through 
the centre.  
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the passage you have just heard.  
16. A) It usually requires years of preparations.  
B) It does a lot of harm to the environment  
C) It often burns over three hundred tonnes of refined fuel.  
D) It proves to be the most complicated stage of space missions.  
17. A) They are burnt up in outer space.      C) They are reused up to 100 times.  
B) They are guided back to Earth.       D) They are treated as expendable.  
18. A) New technologies for bringing back space vehicles for recycling.  
B) The technology for meeting the needs of commercial space travel.  
C) Many of the technologies to limit the impact of space travel on Earth.  
D) The technology for effectively protecting ozone from being destroyed.  
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the passage you have just heard.  
19. A) It can help unskilled readers feel more secure.  
B) It can encourage reluctant readers to read aloud.  
C) It can strengthen children’s confidence in others.  
D) It can boost children’s interest in communication.  
20. A) By motivating children to find out about their favourite pets.  
B) By taking children to the library to borrow books on animals.  
C) By allowing children to surf the internet about pets by themselves.  
D) By showing children how to acquire knowledge about healthy pets.  
21. A) By learning that raising pets can do much good.   C) By hearing about their peers’ passion for pets.  
B) By watching how healthy pets are brought up.    D) By visiting friends who have household pets.  
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.  
22. A) Send would-be students a packet of information.  
B) Update regularly all information on their websites.  
C) Inform prospective students of their yearly enrollment.  
D) Answer questions raised by applicants and their parents.  
23. A) Oversee private institutions directly.      C) Supervise all schools consistently.  
B) Follow other states’ example.       D) Regulate public institutions by law. 
24. A) They are resourceful.  
B) They are competitive.  
C) They provide the best opportunity to realize one’s dream.  
D) They appeal most to students from other states in the U.S.  
25. A) Some students waste much time surfing the net.   C) Students have to search for the information.  
B) Students may need to visit too many websites.    D) Some students may lack adequate access.