Part II       Listening Comprehension      (25 minutes)  
Section A  
Directions: In this section, you will hear three news reports. At the end of each news report, you will hear two or three 
questions. Both the news report and the questions will be spoken only once . After you hear a question, you must choose the 
best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a 
single line through the centre.  
Questions 1 and 2 are based on the news report you have just heard.  
1. A)It hit a bird shortly after takeoff.  
B)Its crew members went on strike.  
C)It narrowly escaped a plane crash when turning around.  
D)Its captain got slightly injured during the forced landing.  
2. A)Panic.    C)Relieved.  
B)Nervous.   D)Contented.  
Questions 3 and 4 are based on the news report you have just heard.  
3. A)He is now kept in a secure area.    C)He has been caught a second time.  
B)He has escaped the zoo once again.   D)He finally disappeared six days ago.  
4. A)Squeezed.   C)Disappointed.  
B)Threatened.   D)Frustrated.  
Questions 5 to 7 are based on the news report you have just heard.  
5. A)It is condemned as a crazy idea.    C)It is questioned by local residents.  
B)It is enriching the city’s night life.   D)It is giving rise to safety concerns.  
6. A)Avoid entering one-way streets    C)Follow all the traffic rules drivers do.  
B)Ensure the safety of pedestrians.    D)Give way to automobiles at all times.  
7. A)To ease the city’s busy traffic.    C)To add a new means of transport.  
B)To bring new life into the city.    D)To reduce the city’s air pollution.  
Section B  
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear four questions. 
Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer 
from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line 
through the centre.  
Questions 8 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.  
8. A)Take it seriously.       C)Make it sound scary.  
B)Discuss it regularly.      D)Talk about it openly.  
9. A)By shopping around for the best deals.   C)By citing concrete examples.  
B)By making abstract sums relevant.   D)By visiting discount stores.  
10. A)Paying their kids to help with housework.  
B)Setting kids a good example by sharing chores.  
C)Giving kids pocket money according to their needs.  
D)Urging kids to deposit some of their gift money.  
11. A)The importance of cutting down family expenses.   C)The delight in seeing their savings grow.  
B)The need to learn important lessons from her elders.   D)The necessity of saving into a pension.  
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.  
12. A)He is a successful businessman.    C)He has published a new bestseller.  
B)He reviews books on political affairs.   D)He has worked in several banks.  
13. A)The man's ideas about education.   C)The man's attempts at drawing public attention.  
B)The man's academic background.   D)The man's proposals to solve economic problems.  
14. A)To reduce students' financial burden.   C)To give students incentive to excel in economics. 
B)To motivate all students to be successful.  D)To provide remedies for students' poor performance. 
15. A)Improving school budgeting.    C)Seeking donations.  
B)Increasing tuition fees.     D)Raising taxes.  
Section C  
Directions: In this section, you will hear three passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four questions. 
Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from 
the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through 
the centre.  
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the passage you have just heard.  
16. A)To show his sympathy towards people always being busy.  
B)To prevent people from complaining about being “busy”.  
C)To call on busy people to take care of themselves.  
D)To help busy people to sort out their priorities.  
17. A)Avoid saying we are busy.     C)Describe our schedule in detail.  
B)Reflect on their true purpose.    D)Respond as most busy people do.  
18. A)To show their achievements resulted from great efforts.  
B)To prove they stand out as accomplished professionals.  
C)To cover up their failure to achieve some purpose.  
D)To tell others a complete lie about their inability.  
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the passage you have just heard  
19. A)They will help one reduce fear.    C)They will be less challenging after a time.  
B)They should become so popular.    D)They should cover so many different types  
20. A)To break one's ultimate limits.    C)To avoid dangerous mistakes.  
B)To stop being extremely afraid.    D)To enjoy the sports to the full.  
21. A)By allowing our motivation to be at an all-time high.   C)By burning as many as 300 calories per hour. 
B)By stopping us hurting the same muscles repeatedly.    D)By enabling us to get an all-over workout. 
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.  
22. A)It is natural.        C)It is personal  
B)It is instrumental.      D)It is vital.  
23. A)To guard against being perceived negatively.   C)To conceal personality preferences. 
B)To prevent themselves from being isolated.   D)To maintain workplace harmony. 
24. A)It helps to enhance team spirit.    C)It helps to resolve problems.  
B)It stimulates innovative ideas.    D)It facilitates policy-making.  
25. A)An innovative mind.      C)Mutual trust.  
B)Corporate culture.      D)A healthy mentality.