Part II       Listening Comprehension       (25 minutes)  
Section A  
Directions: In this sectio n, you will hear three news reports. At the end of each news report, you will hear two or three 
questions. Both the news report and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the 
best answer from the four choices mar ked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a 
single line through the centre.  
Questions 1 and 2 are based on the news report you have just heard.  
1. A) At the gate of a grade school in Kent.      C) Inside the car of David King's neighbour. 
B) Under the engine cover of a man’s car.     D) Outside the office of a charity foundation. 
2. A) It got reunited with its owner.       C) It was placed in the care of a UK charity. 
B) It was injured during the rescue.       D) It became a pet of Mr. King’s grandson. 
Questions 3 and 4 are based on the news report you have just heard.  
3. A) The reunion of this year’s Olympic gold medalists. 
B) The opening of the Special Olympics Spring Games. 
C) The first important political event in the next five years. 
D) The 100th anniversary celebration of Methodist University. 
4. A) V olunteers visit the Games’ website to sign up. 
B) Children play in a fun tent and enjoy themselves fully. 
C) Organizers devote their time and energy to the Games. 
D) Athletes with special needs triumph in the Game. 
Questions 5 to 7 are based on the news report you have just heard.  
5. A) Compensate for the Swiss manufacturer's loss.   C) Destroy its imitation chocolate rabbits. 
B) Change the wrapping of its commodities.    D) Defend itself in the country's commercial court. 
6. A) It could be reused in other products. 
B) It could be resold cheaper to avoid waste. 
C) It could be reshaped into animals other than rabbits. 
D) It could be rewrapped and sold by the budget supermarket. 
7. A) To be fair to the German supermarkets.    C) To prevent consumers’ possible confusion. 
B) To protect chocolate retailers’ interests.    D) To boost the growth of the chocolate industry  
Section B  
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear four questions. 
Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer 
from the four cho ices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line 
through the centre.  
 
Questions 8 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.  
8. A) Pass a book to him.        C) Return the handbook to him. 
B) Make a vegetable dish.        D) Meet his sister's boyfriend. 
9. A) It doesn't sound practical for her.      C) It would reduce one's protein intake. 
B) It would do harm to one's muscles.     D) It doesn't seem to be a balanced diet. 
10. A) To improve his health.        C) To stick to his religious belief. 
B) To protect animal rights.        D) To follow a trendy lifestyle. 
11. A) The torture and distress dolphins suffer in parks.   C) The gloomy environments animals are kept in. 
B) The urgency of joining an animal rights group.    D) The necessity of having zoos and eating meat. 
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.  
12. A) The part about not eating on board the plane.    C) The part about getting over jetlag. 
B) The part about air travel in the past.      D) The part about avoiding sleeping on the plane. 
13. A) Try following the advice given by the expert on the show. 
B) Concentrate on reading articles recommended by experts. 
C) Have meals as usual to stay away from hunger. 
D) Take a nap to adjust to a new time zone. 
14. A) She has been well treated when traveling.     C) She can spend a lot of time vacationing. 
B) She does not have to worry about jetlag.     D) She does not have any problem flying. 
15. A) It affects twenty-five percent of people.     C) It impacts female travelers more seriously. 
B) It has long been ignored by many experts.    D) It has caused heavy losses to many airlines.  
 
Section C  
Directions: In this section, you will hear three passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four questions. 
Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from 
the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through 
the centre.  
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the passage you have just heard.  
16. A) Learning from skilled designers.     C) Obtaining real-world experience. 
B) Joining a 6-month training camp.     D) Anticipating actual challenges. 
17. A) Core skills.          C) Capability. 
B) Higher education.        D) Adaptability. 
18. A) Face challenges.         C) Pursue roles in teams. 
B) Start anywhere.         D) Follow their own path. 
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the passage you have just heard.  
19. A) To allow students more freedom in their academic work. 
B) To enable teachers to interact more with their students. 
C) To engage students more in their learning. 
D) To respond actively to students' requests. 
20. A) Rearranging most traditional chairs and desks. 
B) Adopting a variety of different seating options. 
C) Shifting from traditional teaching to task-based learning. 
D) Using new furniture to create a comfortable environment. 
21. A) A change to teachers’ opinion of their students.   C) A strengthened effect of its discipline. 
B) A harmonious relationship among its students.    D) A win for all people involved 
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.  
22. A) They arrived late for their first day of school.  
B) They weren't informed of the school’s updated rules.  
C) They answered their headteacher's email in an impolite way. 
D) They didn't wear the shoes required by the school’s new policy. 
23. A) Panic.           C) Disputes. 
B) Anger.           D) Riots. 
24. A) They rendered the school unique in the district.  C) They improved student behavior and performance. 
B) They enhanced the positive image of the school.  D) They strengthened the school's discipline and order. 
 
25. A) Tighten her monthly budget.    C) Borrow £65 from her friend. 
B) Turn to her parents for help.    D) Postpone paying her other bills