Part II Listening Comprehension (25 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear three news reports. At the end of each news report, you
will hear two or three questions. Both the news report and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C)
and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 and 2 are based on the news report you have just heard.
1. A) He set a record be swimming to and from an island.
    B) He celebrated ninth birthday on a small island.
    C) He visited a prison located on a faraway island.
    D) He swam around an island near San Francisco.
2. A) He doubled the reward. C) He set him an example.
    B) He cheered him on all the way. D) He had the event covered on TV .
Questions 3 and 4 are based on the news report you have just heard.
3. A) To end the one-child policy. C) To increase working efficiency.
    B) To encourage late marriage. D) To give people more time to travel.
4. A) They will not be welcomed by young people.
    B) They will help to popularize early marriage.
    C) They will boost China’s economic growth.
    D) They will not com into immediate effect.
Questions 5 to 7 are based on the news report you have just heard.
5. A) Cleaning service in great demand all over the world.
    B) Two ladies giving up well-paid jobs to do cleaning.
    C) A new company to clean up the mess after parties.
    D) Cleaners gainfully employed at nights and weekends.
6. A) It takes a lot of time to prepare. C) It makes party goers exhausted.
    B) It leaves the house m a mess. D) It creates noise and misconduct.
7. A) Hire an Australian lawyer. C) Settle a legal dispute.
    B) Visit the US and Canada. D) Expand their business.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation,
you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C)
and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 8 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
8. A) He had a driving lesson. C) He took the driver's theory exam.
    B) He got his driver's license. D) He passed the driver's road test.
9. A) He was not well prepared. C) He was not used to the test format.
    B) He did not get to the exam in time. D) He did not follow the test procedure.
10.A) They are tough. C) They are helpful.
     B) They are costly. D) They are too short.
11. A) Pass his road test the first time. C) Find an experienced driving instructor.
      B) Test-drive a few times on highways. D) Earn enough money for driving lessons.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
12. A) Where the woman studies. C) Leeds' tuition for international students.
      B) The acceptance rate at Leeds. D) How to apply for studies at a university.
13. A) Apply to an American university. C) Perform in a famous musical.
      B) Do research on higher education. D) Pursue postgraduate studies.
14. A) His favorable recommendations. C) His academic excellence.
      B) His outstanding musical talent. D) His unique experience.
15. A) Do a master's degree. C) Travel widely.
      B) Settle down in England. D) Teach overseas.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear
three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear
a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then
mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the passage you have just heard.
16. A) They help farmers keep diseases in check.
      B) Many species remain unknown to scientists.
      C) Only a few species cause trouble to humans.
      D) They live in incredibly well-organized colonies.
17. A) They are larger than many other species.
      B) They can cause damage to people's homes.
      C) They can survive a long time without water.
      D) They like to form colonies in electrical units.
18. A) Deny them access to any food. C) Destroy their colonies close by.
      B) Keep doors and windows shut. D) Refrain from eating sugary food.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the passage you have just heard.
19. A) The function of the human immune system.
      B) The cause of various auto-immune diseases.
      C) The viruses that may infect the human immune system.
      D) The change in people's immune system as they get older.
20. A) Report their illnesses. C) Act as research assistants.
      B) Offer blood samples. D) Help to interview patients.
21. A) Strengthening people's immunity to infection.
      B) Better understanding patients' immune system.
      C) Helping improve old people's health conditions.
      D) Further reducing old patients' medical expenses.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.
22. A) His students had trouble getting on with each other.
      B) A lot of kids stayed at school to do their homework.
      C) His students were struggling to follow his lessons.
      D) A group of kids were playing chess after school.
23. A) Visit a chess team in Nashville.
      B) Join the school's chess team.
      C) Participate in a national chess competition.
      D) Receive training for a chess competition.
24. A) Most of them come from low-income families.
      B) Many have become national chess champions.
      C) A couple of them have got involved in crimes.
      D) Many became chess coaches after graduation.
25. A) Actions speak louder than words. C) Translate their words into action.
      B) Think twice before taking action. D) Take action before it gets too late.